Thank you for downloading Ultimate Windows Tweaker v 4 for Windows 10

Ultimate Windows Tweaker is a freeware Tweak UI Utility for tweaking and optimizing Windows 10, 32-bit & 64-bit. 

Ultimate Windows Tweaker does not require an install. Place the downloaded UWT4 folder in your Program Folder and pin the shortuct of UWT4 exe file to your Start Menu. Simply run its .exe file. Do not seperate out the contents of the Program folder.

To uninstall it, simply delete the program folder.

Do visit its home page at http://www.thewindowsclub.com/ultimate-windows-tweaker-4-windows-10 for more details.

It is always recommended to create a system restore point before tweaking your system, and hence an easily accessible button for creating the same has been provided in the tweaker. The publisher or the author assumes no liability for damages, direct or consequential, which may result from the use of this freeware.

The licensing terms have meen mentioned in the About tab of the freeware.

This program has been developed by Paras Sidhu for TheWindowsClub.com.

Version 4.4.1, 7th Feb, 2018, includes a bug fix that cause UWT to crash on some systems.

Change Log for Version 4.4, 3rd Feb 2018.

1. New favorites feature lets you access many sections easily
2. This PC -> Remove 3D Objects
3. Include In Library, Restore Previous Versions
4. Give Access To, Share
5. File Explorer Startup
6. Remove Duplicate Drive Letter Entry
7. Phone, Gaming in Settings
8. Better support for Fall Creators Update and bug fixes

21st July Change Log for v 4.3

1. Introducing the search functionality to easily locate your desired tweak.
2. View detailed information about Windows Experience Index including all scores.

Customization->Windows 10)
3. Disable Windows Ink Workspace
4. Enable "Do you want to close all the tabs?" prompt in Edge
5. Hide Windows Defender Icon From Notifications Area
6. Show Seconds In Taskbar Clock (Customization->Taskbar)
7. Disable All Live Tiles (Customization->Universal UI)

Customization->File Explorer
8. Enable Auto-Complete And Auto-Suggest
9. Disable Taskbar And Start Jumplists
10. Check By Default "Do this for all current items"
11. Change Default Behaviour For Drag-Drop In Explorer

Context Menu->Other Context Menus
12. Remove 3D Print With 3D Builder
13. Remove Scan With Windows Defender
14. Remove Edit With Paint 3D
15. Remove Cast To Device
16. Extended Info Bar to show full description of the tweak
17. New Desktop Context Menu Tweaks -> Character Map, Control Panel and Windows Update
18. Many design improvements and lots of bug fixes

29th April 2017. Change Log for v 4.2.3. Click on the About link and then on the Change Lof link to see it.

Change log for v 4.2.2 04 Nov 2016

Due to some Windows 10 update, "Remove Shortcut Arrows From Icons" tweak stopped working. We've modified the tweak and it should work now.

Fixed: DISM and SFC scan not working in some cases

NEW: Enable Share Page In Settings (In Customization->Windows 10).

Change log for v 4.2.1. 18.09.2016

Fixes some bugs

Change log for v 4.2. 18.08.2016

1. “Apply Tweaks” button now applies tweaks only to the currently viewing section.

2. Support for Windows 10 Anniversary Update: Modified incompatible tweaks and added new tweaks.

3. When tweaks use sliders to change values, you can now directly change the values from box present in front of sliders.

4. New Tweaks:
- Use Increased Taskbar Transparency
- Change Inactive Title Bar Color
- Disable Quick Action Buttons In Action Center
- Change Microsoft Edge Download Location
- Disable Edge Tab Preview
- Adjust Edge Tab Preview Show/Hide Delay Time
- Disable App Access To Location
- Disable App Access To Calendar
- Disable App Access To Messages
- Disable App Access To Microphone
- Disable App Access To Camera
- Disable App Access To User Account Info

5. Several bug fixes and improvements


ChangeLog 29.08.15:
Fixed: Remove Action Center not working
Fixed: Due to UWT 4, "Send your device data to Microsoft" in Settings app greys out
Fixed: UWT 4 hangs when disabling/enabling Command Prompt

v4.0.2.0 adds the Enable Windows Photo Viewer tweak.

v 4.1 lets you do the following things:
Export and Import Tweaks: Now you can save your existing tweaks’ preference and import to other systems.
Improved Privacy Section: Now disable Wi-Fi Sense as well as synchronization of settings directly from UWT.
Pin your favorite Settings sections to desktop context menu. This option is available in Context Menu > Desktop Context Menu 2.
Enable/Disable Built-in Administrator Account.

Changelog for v4.1.1
Fixed "UWTSettings" option appearing in desktop context menu.
Fixed issues with "Create Restore Point" option.

Regards,
Anand Khanse
www.TheWindowsClub.com.

